README.md, before:

# Ferry Friend

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#updates">Updates</a></li>
    <li><a href="#description">Description</a></li>
    <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#future-updates">Future Updates</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Updates
08-03-22<br>
Date picker and select menu has default text. Select menu passes value into fetch request. Date format changed.

07-25-22<br>
Updated date picker colors.

07-19-22<br>
Added jQuery date picker for customization.

07-15-22<br>
Chris joins the team!

07-14-22<br>
Made better names for variables and functions. Added a hidden class so #date-render and #ferry-times don't take up empty space.

07-12-22<br>
Added scheduleCount and adds col2 class when it's longer than 12 ferry sailings.

07-11-22<br>
Added font and background colors.

07-07-22<br>
Sailing times render in columns if the list gets long.

06-23-22<br>
Added a date picker, a dropdown menu for different terminal, and check time function only italicizes passed ferry sailings up to 2AM.

## Description
Ferry Friend is an app that integrates WSDOT's API for ferry schedules into an intuitive and mobile friendly interface.

## Built With

## Installation

## Usage

## Future Updates

Commit message:

ferry logo and header text

README.md, after:

# Ferry Friend

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#updates">Updates</a></li>
    <li><a href="#description">Description</a></li>
    <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
    <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#future-updates">Future Updates</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Updates
08-04-22<br>
Date default set to today. Header text and logo added with hidden class on page load.

08-03-22<br>
Date picker and select menu has default text. Select menu passes value into fetch request. Date format changed.

07-25-22<br>
Updated date picker colors.

07-19-22<br>
Added jQuery date picker for customization.

07-15-22<br>
Chris joins the team!

07-14-22<br>
Made better names for variables and functions. Added a hidden class so #date-render and #ferry-times don't take up empty space.

07-12-22<br>
Added scheduleCount and adds col2 class when it's longer than 12 ferry sailings.

07-11-22<br>
Added font and background colors.

07-07-22<br>
Sailing times render in columns if the list gets long.

06-23-22<br>
Added a date picker, a dropdown menu for different terminal, and check time function only italicizes passed ferry sailings up to 2AM.

## Description
Ferry Friend is an app that integrates WSDOT's API for ferry schedules into an intuitive and mobile friendly interface.

## Built With

## Installation

## Usage

## Future Updates
